initially a thing a few days ago
rooted with several fans who have me
given the occasional and I was a Juventus
just because I said juve was
clearly stronger than neo deserved them
to win the scudetto
now I want these crap me
write in comments if I was right a
make those statements but you there
you really want to compare a team
bad desire that wins despite
has already won everything and more a
work a team that is not one
team that knows how to play soccer me
you really want to compare these two
teams
I was the umpteenth demonstration today
that the Rome this year does not fit
understanding a cock and it was yet another
demonstration of this moment we are
a shitty team a team that
field all the holders plays in
home against the reserves of the empoli must
going to win three minutes from the end
extra ones with a penalty
non-existent but we realize but it is but
still we want to talk about Scudetto
titles but we are crazy but we are crazy but
I the Roma fans who are fans of
rome who come to tell me but shut up
occasional breast must incite the
Rome will win we are phenomenal forces not
I know cheering are crazy crazy furious I don't
sighted I tell you the people who
they think that Rome wins this year
scudetto of other things are crazy
you have seen how a weapon plays or am
only me who invented the matches of
shit but you realized that later
roma bayern we made two matches of
shit one after the other
we realize that between juve and rome
there is no five point difference
but there is abysmal difference is as from dal
north to south
how can we minimally compare
these two teams a team that forbids
already won three league yellow plays
still with the nastiness in the Italian cup
with reservations
in Italian cup to the language put the
reservations has made six to the holders of
verona
rome has fielded almost all the
holders won with a penalty
non-existent with the reserves of the empoli
I want those from the apple but
slutty bitch but how can you
literally compare these two
teams
now you don't come to tell me that I'm a
occasional and I'm really tired
it's not the first game I was playing
shit is a set of shit is a whole
shit a bunch of shit games
matches we won ass for all
that we deserved to equalize
because we once sucked and
a little better another now I don't
come and say that I am an occasional
because he thinks certain things I think I say
clearly those who say that Rome deserves
to win the championship which is that
Juve stands in front only thanks to the wrongs
arbitration is a fool and does not understand a
fucking soccer i currently have that
rome is very lucky to have obtained
what he has achieved so far is the
second place is the europa league
and the quarters of the Italian cup because up
now she didn't deserve anything
what he has achieved so far
team don't come to tell me the right one
new bomber how do you criticize it marks
marks but you have seen it but you have seen
how irritatingly embarrassing plays
and the embarrassing we can not continue
to put a blowjob of the kind in front
does not control a ball but I never have
seen striker who can't control
a ball but what the fuck you give me
the only one with east improved its many
lots of crowds but at the end he has
we could have done even more we put ourselves
midfield holder de rossi pjanic i
singular we sucked the same
plans if you understand what the fuck is from Rome
inter in then there is he has always been up
discontinuous but from Rome inter in then on not
she made more than a decent one but what the fuck
of the pil an but that takes you because it is there
because it plays so one that makes you
play of who was the players
they are so de shit the defense but that
fucking there guns but we got it is
pre coup fry to Lazio but that
fuck is more good st wrong than all
color of all colors from the Palermo
he gave him with the empoli ne
give it to us but we realize it
we realize that we have limits
evident we have sensational bruises
we have put this into play
owners of the empoli had saved
key players to play well in
championship and that is we could also
make other goals
but we realize a team
the empoli had come to overtime
there must already have been a great result a
roma additional despite this
he kept attacking and doing actions
one after the other and we risked
take goals at the 121st there is but I already
on being the fact that you will be
additional with the VIP appli with
everything was excellent
game for me is shameful ee if me
I still hear about the Scudetto from
garcia and I swear I pissed off asking
really fuck you don't want me
of fan of grace but I to hear myself
fucked by executives
coaches and players who do not
they hit one
I'm really pissed this
it's all see you at the next video
Hi guys